feature/remove-age (#22)
fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_tiktok_ads v0.7.0
[PR #22](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/pull/22) includes the following updates:

> ## Breaking Changes

Reviewer: We should callout that these are upstream breaking changes. Since the `age_groups` column isn't used in any models within dbt_tiktok_ads it could be confusing to read this and wonder where the age_groups column was before. We should clearly callout that this change really only impacts the upstream staging model.

Author: Updated!

> - In the [July 2023 update](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/tiktok-ads/changelog#july2023) for the `ADGROUP_HISTORY` table, the `age` column was renamed to `age_groups`.

Reviewer: Same suggestion from the Source review
```suggestion
- In the [July 2023 TikTok Ads connector update](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/tiktok-ads/changelog#july2023) for the `ADGROUP_HISTORY` table, the `age` column was renamed to `age_groups`.
```

# dbt_tiktok_ads v0.7.0
[PR #22](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/pull/22) includes the following updates:

## Breaking Changes
- **Upstream Breaking Change:** In the [July 2023 TikTok Ads connector update](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/tiktok-ads/changelog#july2023) for the `ADGROUP_HISTORY` table, the `age` column was renamed to `age_groups`.
  - This change primarily affects the upstream `stg_tiktok_ads__ad_group_history` model in `dbt_tiktok_source`. The `age_groups` column was not previously used in any downstream models within `dbt_tiktok_ads`, so this change impacts only the upstream staging model.
  - Previously, we coalesced the `age` and `age_groups` columns in the `stg_tiktok_ads__ad_group_history` model to accommodate connectors using the old naming convention. However, due to inconsistent data types, this approach is no longer viable.
  - As a result, the coalesced field has been removed in favor of the `age_groups` column.
  - If necessary, you can populate historical data in the `age_groups` column by performing a resync of the `ADGROUP_HISTORY` table, as TikTok provides all data regardless of the previous sync state.

>   - For more details, see the [DECISIONLOG entry](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads_source/blob/main/DECISIONLOG.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For more details, see the [DECISIONLOG entry](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/blob/main/DECISIONLOG.md#age_groups-and-age-columns).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we note the creation of the DECISIONLOG in a Documentation section here?

Reviewer 2: Along with the stuff about metrics across different grains

Author: Added.
